Rename `chain` label to `base`; add `chained` label for chained PRs (#4105) (#4113)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

Chain shortening
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For the blocked PR, change the target branch to develop. Remove the base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the blocked PR, change the target branch to develop. Remove the ``base``
```

> label from blocking PR. Last, remove the blocking relationship.

Reviewer: What about removing the ``chained`` label?

Chain shortening
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For the blocked PR, change the target branch to develop and remove the ``chained``
> label. Remove the ``base`` label from blocking PR. Last, remove the blocking
> relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the target branch of the blocked PR to ``develop`` and remove the ``chained``
label from that PR. Remove the ``base`` label from the blocking PR. Lastly, remove the blocking
relationship.
```
